{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Light;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red60\green60\blue60;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl740\sa540

\f0\fs54 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 A quick overview of what we'll be making in this class.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl547\sa250

\f1\fs36 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Welcome to One Month Rails. I\'92m really excited to have you as a student and I hope you\'92re excited to learn something pretty cool over the next month. By the end, hopefully you will be able to build your own application, start a new job in web development, or get that promotion that you\'92ve been waiting for.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl680\sa270

\f2\fs62 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 What are we going to build\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl547\sa250

\f1\fs36 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 So what we\'92re going to be building over the course of this class is a Pinterest-style application.\cb1 \
\cb3 I think it\'92s pretty cool, really visual, and surprisingly easy. You'll\'a0have an application that\'92s responsive if someone resizes the windows, looks pretty good on mobile devices, and there is a collapsible nav bar. All in all, a pretty developed site, that someone can also log-in to, with a username and password and sign up for. Once you\'92re signed up, you can add a new Pin, see all your old Pins, edit and delete them.\cb1 \
\cb3 In the first lesson, we'll\'a0set up and install Rails and all of the different programs that we\'92ll need to actually go through this course.\cb1 \
\cb3 It\'92s a little bit of a pain - I want to give you guys a heads up, but we have a special solution just for that, which you\'92ll see in the next video.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl680\sa270

\f2\fs62 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 How many times per week should you take this class?\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl547\sa250

\f1\fs36 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Well, different people can take it at a different pace. What we recommend is that you set aside about two to three sessions a week to watch at least a handful of videos, two or three at a time. I know that when you start this, you\'92ll wonder if you\'92ll going to make it till the end of the month, but you\'92ll already be coasting through it.\cb1 \
}